hey Vsauce Michael here I have never
made an announcement video but what a
way to start Adam Savage and I yes the
Adam Savage have been working on
something delicious and nutritious and
live on stage we've created a show
called brain candy you can get tickets
at brain candy live.com to begin we're
taking the show to 40 cities across the
United States and it's not a small show
it is literally going to take trucks
plural to carry the metric tons of stuff
that we will be using to build and
explore and interact with on stage these
40 cities are just the beginning if you
don't see your city on the list give
your local theaters a call and tell them
that your mind wants a treat they'll
know you're talking about brain candy
now I will continue making vsauce one
videos they are my blood but this show
is a chance for you to touch my blood
what what I'm trying to say is that
brain candy is Adam and I doing what you
know us for in an entirely new format
that lets us get closer to you videos
are awesome but some things need to be
felt and held and smelled to be truly
understood especially intuitively for
example what is this well it's a huge
piece of tungsten metal one of the
densest materials it is safe and
affordable to own this much of it is so
heavy it's a great reminder that gravity
is a property of matter this thing is
being pulled right down to the center of
the earth and it's crazy I wish you
could hold it in your own hands and
experience it and then we could talk
about it oh wait
brain candy live.com now I may or may
not be bringing tungsten with me but the
point is brain candy is Adam and I
interacting with you all and bringing
lots of you on stage so don't miss out
as you can imagine Adam has been the
perfect companion for this I'm so
grateful when we first started talking I
was like a live show before YouTube
performing live was what I did I can't
wait to do it again and I can't wait for
you all to see Adam and I together it's
hilarious and I mean wow I have journals
full of all the ideas we've had together
we have fit as many of these into brain
candy as we can it's a show that is
great for the entire family and it's
what your brain craves brain candy
live.com the best time to get tickets is
now and as always thanks for watching
you